README.md, before:

# Nginx Docker Image for PHP FPM
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/edyan/docker-nginx.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/edyan/docker-nginx)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/edyan/nginx.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/edyan/nginx/)

Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/edyan/nginx

Docker container containing Nginx that connects to an FPM service.

## Usage
Add the following to your docker-compose.yml, assuming that your PHP VM is named `php` (see  [edyan/php](https://github.com/edyan/docker-php)).

```yaml
nginx:
    image: edyan/nginx:1.10-debian
    volumes:
        - ./www:/var/www/html
    ports:
        - 80:80
    links:
        - php
```

If you have no `php` container, nginx will start without any upstream configuration.


## Versions
* `1.15-alpine` : A light version
* `1.10-alpine` : A production lookalike version (also `latest`)


## Environment variables
Two variables have been created, to override the user and group that owns Nginx (and all its files). That's useful if you need to mount a volume and own the files.

These environment variables are `NGINX_UID` and `NGINX_GID`.

Another two environment variables lets anybody override the `php` container name : `PHP_HOST` and `PHP_PORT`.


## Tests
Tests are made with [goss](https://github.com/aelsabbahy/goss). After downloading it, run :
```bash
./tests.sh 1.10-debian
./tests.sh 1.15-alpine
```

Commit message:

MAke document root an env variable

README.md, after:

# Nginx Docker Image for PHP FPM
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/edyan/docker-nginx.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/edyan/docker-nginx)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/edyan/nginx.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/edyan/nginx/)

Docker Hub: https://hub.docker.com/r/edyan/nginx

Docker container containing Nginx that connects to an FPM service.

## Usage
Add the following to your docker-compose.yml, assuming that your PHP VM is named `php` (see  [edyan/php](https://github.com/edyan/docker-php)).

```yaml
nginx:
    image: edyan/nginx:1.10-debian
    volumes:
        - ./www:/var/www/html
    ports:
        - 80:80
    links:
        - php
```

If you have no `php` container, nginx will start without any upstream configuration.


## Versions
* `1.15-alpine` : A light version
* `1.10-alpine` : A production lookalike version (also `latest`)


## Environment variables
Two variables have been created, to override the user and group that owns Nginx (and all its files). That's useful if you need to mount a volume and own the files. These environment variables are `NGINX_UID` and `NGINX_GID`.

Another two environment variables lets anybody override the `php` container name : `PHP_HOST` (default "php") and `PHP_PORT` (default "9000").

Finally, if you want to set your own document root, you can use `NGINX_DOCUMENT_ROOT` (default : `/var/www`)


## Tests
Tests are made with [goss](https://github.com/aelsabbahy/goss). After downloading it, run :
```bash
./tests.sh 1.10-debian
./tests.sh 1.15-alpine
```
